# Product Roadmap Meeting - Raw Notes

Tuesday 5th Dec, 10am

Attendees: Sarah, James, Priya, me

---

sarah kicked off - wants to talk about Q1 roadmap priorities

james thinks we should focus on mobile app, customers been asking for it

- esp the field sales team
- they want to log interactions on the go
- current web app doesn't work well on phones

priya pushed back - thinks we need to fix the reporting first
"customers complaining they can't export data properly"
only csv right now, they want excel and pdf
sarah agreed, said she got 3 support tickets about this last week

talked about mobile vs reporting for like 20min

eventually sarah said: lets do both? mobile in Q1, reporting in Q2
james: that works but we need to hire another dev
priya: or we could push reporting to Q2 and do mobile in Q1?

ACTION: sarah to check budget for new hire
ACTION: priya to scope the reporting work (how big is it really?)

---

then talked about the api
james: several customers asking for api access
want to integrate with their own systems
priya: this could be big, opens up enterprise customers
sarah: but also means we need proper docs, auth, rate limiting, all that stuff

agreed: api is Q2 at earliest, too much to do in Q1

---

sarah brought up the dark mode request
"lots of users asking for it"
james: trivial to implement, maybe 2 days work?
priya: lets just do it then, quick win

ACTION: james to add dark mode, target before christmas

---

discussed new pricing tiers
sarah wants to introduce a "professional" tier between current basic and enterprise
$49/month vs current $19 and $199
would include: api access (when we build it), priority support, advanced reporting

priya: makes sense but we need the features first
james: agree, no point selling something we haven't built

decision: design the tier structure now, launch it when we have the features (prob Q2)

ACTION: sarah to draft pricing page copy
ACTION: priya to map features to tiers

---

random stuff:

- christmas party - 15th dec, book it
- james going on holiday jan 2-16
- priya mentioned the ticket system is getting slow, might need to optimise the queries
- sarah reminded everyone to log time properly (james is bad at this lol)

---

next meeting: same time next week to review Q1 plan

PARKING LOT:

- integration with slack (someone mentioned it but ran out of time)
- improving onboarding flow (james mentioned, sarah said lets talk later)
- analytics dashboard (priya's idea, no time to discuss)
